level 1 hi
hueco 0 2 color 0
bloque 0 0 color 0 down

level 2 hi2
hueco 0 0 color 1
hueco 2 2 color 0	
bloque 0 2 color 1 up
bloque 2 0 color 0 down

level 3 hi3
hueco 0 1 color 1
hueco 0 2 color 0
bloque 0 0 color 1 down
bloque 0 3 color 0 up

level 4 order
hueco 0 0 color 0
hueco 0 1 color 1
hueco 2 2 color 2
bloque 0 2 color 0 up
bloque 2 1 color 1 left
bloque 2 0 color 2 down

level 5 order2
hueco 2 0 color 0
hueco 1 0 color 1
hueco 1 1 color 2
bloque 0 0 color 0 right
bloque 1 2 color 1 up
bloque 3 1 color 2 left

level 6 stupidpush
hueco 0 2 color 0
hueco 0 3 color 2
bloque 0 0 color 0 down
bloque 0 1 color 2 up

level 7 push
hueco 0 3 color 0
hueco 2 5 color 1
bloque 2 0 color 1 down
bloque 4 2 color 0 left

level 8 stairs
hueco 1 1 color 0
hueco 2 2 color 2
hueco 3 3 color 1
bloque 0 1 color 1 right
bloque 1 0 color 0 down
bloque 2 1 color 2 down

level 9 stairs2
hueco 1 1 color 0
hueco 2 2 color 1
hueco 3 3 color 2
bloque 0 1 color 1 right
bloque 1 0 color 0 down
bloque 2 1 color 2 down

level 10 lift
hueco 0 0 color 2
hueco 1 1 color 1
hueco 2 3 color 0
bloque 2 2 color 2 up
bloque 4 1 color 1 left
bloque 3 0 color 0 down

level 11 presq
giro 0 2 right
giro 2 2 up
hueco 2 0 color 1
bloque 0 0 color 1 down

level 12 sq
giro 0 2 right
giro 2 2 up
hueco 2 0 color 3
hueco 3 0 color 2
bloque 0 0 color 3 down
bloque 0 2 color 2 down

level 13 nobrainer
giro 3 1 left
giro 0 1 right
giro 2 1 up
hueco 1 0 color 3
hueco 2 0 color 1
bloque 0 1 color 3 down
bloque 2 1 color 1 down

level 14 crosst
giro 2 2 right
hueco 0 2 color 2
hueco 1 2 color 0
hueco 3 2 color 1
bloque 2 0 color 0 down
bloque 4 2 color 1 left
bloque 2 4 color 2 up

level 15 t
giro 2 0 down
hueco 1 2 color 0
hueco 2 2 color 1
hueco 3 2 color 2
bloque 0 0 color 0 right
bloque 4 0 color 1 left
bloque 2 4 color 2 up

level 16 rotation
giro 1 0 down
giro 3 1 left
hueco 1 2 color 3
hueco 1 1 color 2
bloque 0 2 color 3 right
bloque 2 3 color 2 up

level 17 asymm
giro 1 1 down
hueco 0 4 color 3
hueco 1 0 color 2
hueco 1 2 color 1
bloque 3 3 color 3 left
bloque 1 1 color 2 down
bloque 2 5 color 1 up

level 18 herewego
giro 0 0 right
giro 2 0 down
giro 2 1 left
giro 1 2 up
hueco 0 1 color 0
hueco 3 1 color 1
bloque 0 0 color 0 down
bloque 2 1 color 1 down

level 19 preherewego
giro 1 0 right
giro 3 0 down
giro 3 1 left
giro 2 2 up
hueco 2 1 color 0
hueco 0 1 color 1
bloque 3 0 color 0 down
bloque 2 2 color 1 down

level 20 clover
hueco 0 0 color 0
hueco 1 1 color 1
hueco 2 2 color 2
hueco 2 0 color 3
bloque 1 0 color 2 down
bloque 0 1 color 3 right
bloque 2 1 color 0 left
bloque 1 2 color 1 up

level 21 preduced
giro 0 0 down
giro 0 1 right
giro 3 0 left
hueco 1 1 color 0
hueco 1 2  color 1
bloque 0 0 color 0 down
bloque 2 2 color 1 up

level 22 preduced2
giro 0 0 down
giro 0 1 right
hueco 1 0 color 2
hueco 1 1 color 0
hueco 1 2 color 1
bloque 0 0 color 0 down
bloque 2 2 color 1 up
bloque 3 0 color 2 left

level 23 reduced
giro 0 0 down
giro 0 1 right
giro 3 0 left
giro 2 2 up
hueco 1 1 color 0
hueco 2 1 color 2
hueco 3 1 color 1
bloque 0 0 color 0 down
bloque 3 0 color 1 down
bloque 0 1 color 2 down

level 24 reduced2
giro 0 0 down
giro 0 1 right
giro 3 0 left
giro 2 2 up
hueco 1 1 color 0
hueco 2 1 color 2
hueco 3 1 color 1
bloque 0 0 color 2 down
bloque 3 0 color 1 down
bloque 0 1 color 0 down

level 25 reduced3
giro 0 0 down
giro 0 1 right
giro 3 0 left
giro 2 2 up
hueco 1 2 color 2
hueco 2 1 color 0
hueco 3 2 color 1
bloque 0 0 color 2 down
bloque 3 0 color 1 down
bloque 0 1 color 0 down

level 26 recycle
giro 0 0 down
giro 0 1 right
giro 3 0 left
giro 4 0 left
giro 3 1 up
giro 4 1 up
hueco 1 0 color 0
hueco 2 0 color 1
hueco 1 1 color 2
hueco 2 1 color 3
bloque 3 1 color 0 down
bloque 3 0 color 1 down
bloque 0 1 color 2 down
bloque 0 0 color 3 down

level 27 recycle2
giro 0 0 down
giro 0 2 right
giro 2 0 left
giro 0 4 up
giro 2 2 up
hueco 1 0 color 4
hueco 0 1 color 2
hueco 1 2 color 6
hueco 2 1 color 7
bloque 0 0 color 2 down
bloque 0 2 color 4 down
bloque 2 2 color 7 down
bloque 2 0 color 6 down

level 28 recycle3
giro 2 0 left
giro 0 0 down
giro 2 4 up
giro 0 2 up
giro 0 3 down
giro 0 4 right
hueco 2 2 color 10
hueco 2 3 color 12
hueco 2 1 color 9
hueco 0 1 color 11
bloque 0 4 color 9 down
bloque 2 4 color 10 down
bloque 0 0 color 11 down
bloque 2 0 color 12 down

level 29 shuttle
giro 0 2 right
giro 4 1 left
giro 2 0 down
giro 2 4 up
hueco 1 3 color 0
hueco 2 3 color 1
hueco 3 3 color 2
bloque 1 0 color 1 down
bloque 0 2 color 2 down
bloque 4 1 color 0 down

level 30 shuttle2
giro 0 2 right
giro 4 1 left
giro 3 0 down
giro 3 4 up
hueco 1 3 color 0
hueco 2 3 color 1
hueco 3 3 color 2
bloque 1 0 color 2 down
bloque 0 2 color 0 down
bloque 4 1 color 1 down

level 31 shuttle5
giro 1 1 right
giro 3 2 left
giro 2 0 down
giro 2 4 up
hueco 0 2 color 1
hueco 2 2 color 0
hueco 4 2 color 2
bloque 2 0 color 1 down
bloque 1 1 color 2 down
bloque 3 2 color 0 down

level 32 spiral
hueco 0 0 color 0
hueco 1 1 color 1
hueco 2 2 color 2
giro 0 2 down
giro 3 3 left
giro 2 4 up
giro 0 5 right
giro 3 5 up
giro 1 3 down
giro 1 4 right
bloque 0 2 color 0 down
bloque 2 4 color 2 down
bloque 1 3 color 1 down

level 33 spiral2
hueco 2 -1 color 0
hueco 2 1 color 1
hueco 2 3 color 2
giro 0 2 down
giro 3 3 left
giro 2 4 up
giro 0 5 right
giro 3 5 up
giro 1 3 down
giro 1 4 right
bloque 0 2 color 0 down
bloque 2 4 color 2 down
bloque 1 3 color 1 down

level 34 windmill
giro 2 0 down
giro 4 2 left
giro 2 4 up
hueco 2 1 color 0
hueco 3 2 color 1
hueco 2 3 color 2
hueco 1 2 color 3
bloque 2 0 color 1 down
bloque 4 2 color 2 down
bloque 2 4 color 3 down
bloque 0 2 color 0 right

level 35 shirt
giro 0 2 right
giro 1 0 down
giro 1 4 up
giro 4 3 left
hueco 2 0 color 0
bloque 0 2 color 0 down
bloque 1 0 color 1 down
bloque 4 1 color 2 down

level 36 shirt2
giro 0 2 right
giro 1 0 down
giro 1 4 up
giro 4 3 left
hueco 0 1 color 1
bloque 0 2 color 0 down
bloque 1 0 color 1 down
bloque 4 1 color 2 down

level 37 shirtDouble
giro 0 2 right
giro 1 0 down
giro 1 4 up
giro 4 3 left
hueco 2 0 color 0
hueco 0 1 color 1
bloque 0 2 color 0 down
bloque 1 0 color 1 down
bloque 4 1 color 2 down

level 38 paper
giro 0 0 down
giro 3 0 left
giro 0 3 right
giro 2 3 up
hueco 0 2 color 0
hueco 0 1 color 1
hueco 1 0 color 2
bloque 2 3 color 1 down
bloque 0 3 color 0 down
bloque 0 0 color 2 down
 

level 39 splinter
hueco 0 0 color 0
hueco 1 0 color 1
hueco 2 0 color 2
giro 0 1 down
giro 0 3 right
giro 2 3 up
giro 3 1 left
bloque 0 1 color 1 down
bloque 0 3 color 2 down
bloque 2 3 color 0 down

level 40 splinter2
hueco 0 0 color 1
hueco 1 0 color 0
hueco 2 0 color 2
giro 1 1 down
giro 1 3 right
giro 3 3 up
giro 4 1 left
bloque 1 1 color 1 down
bloque 1 3 color 2 down
bloque 3 3 color 0 down

level 41 elegant
giro 1 0 down
giro 0 2 right
giro 3 1 left
giro 2 3 up
hueco 0 1 color 1
hueco 2 0 color 3
hueco 3 2 color 2
hueco 1 3 color 0
bloque 0 2 color 1 down
bloque 2 3 color 0 down
bloque 3 1 color 2 down
bloque 1 0 color 3 down

level 42 elegant2
giro 1 0 down
giro 0 3 right
giro 3 4 up
giro 4 1 left
hueco 2 0 color 2
hueco 3 0 color 0
hueco 4 0 color 3
bloque 2 4 color 2 right
bloque 0 4 color 3 right
bloque 1 4 color 0 right

